# LogMan.io v25.47 Release Notes

## Breaking Changes

- In Archive Explorer screen, only streams for the selected tenant are displayed to all users (including superusers).
- ECS schema is updated. For more details, see the [LMIO Common Library](#lmio-common-library) changelog.
- `lmio-admin` and `lmio-plus-admin` roles are removed and unified to a single role `*/admin`.

## Upgrade Procedure v25.30 → v25.47

### Before the upgrade

- Roles `*/lmio-admin` and `*/lmio-plus-admin` have been obsoleted. Users with these roles must be assigned role `*/admin` instead.

### Upgrade

1. Change the version of LogMan.io in your `/Site/model.yaml` file to `v25.47`:

    ```yaml
    applications:
      - name: "ASAB Maestro"
        version: v25.47 # ...replace with the highest available patch
      - name: "LogMan.io"
        version: v25.47 # ...replace with the highest available patch
    ```

    Apply the changes to each node in the cluster one by one, consecutively.

2. Wait until all services are pulled and started, then Apply changes for the next node.

3. After all nodes have pulled and started the services, Apply the changes again (again one by one). This ensures that the latest versions of libraries used by LogMan.io services are pulled.

4. Wait until all services are started again.

### After the upgrade

1. Add the **LMIO Chart** service definition to your `/Site/model.yaml` file:

    ```yaml
    services:
        lmio-chart:
          - node01
          - node02
          - node03
    ```

    Apply the changes to each node in the cluster one by one, consecutively.

2. Wait until services are pulled and started, then Apply changes for the next node.

3. After all nodes have pulled and started the services, Apply the changes again (again one by one). This ensures that the latest versions of libraries used by LogMan.io services are pulled.

4. Wait until all services are started again.

The Discover screen requires at least the `/DataSources/events.yaml` file to exist in the `Library` in order to load data.

## Patches

### Release
- v25.47.01

#### LMIO Collector (v26.06)
- TCP/UDP log forwarding supports maps
- Added REST API for Beats
- Fix missing output in SNMP dynamic configuration

#### LMIO Receiver (v25.47.01)
- Fixed changelog

## Technical changelogs

### ASAB Remote Control

#### Releases
- v25.47
- v25.47-beta

#### Fix
- `pull` fragment is allowed and kept in the configuration of library libsreg provider.

#### Refactoring
- Instance ID length warning if longer than 64.
- Null is not ignored in the deep merge algorithm - null values can override other content.

#### Feature
- Maintenance - set cluster under maintenance - signal to other services that cluster is under maintenance and remove the flag with expiration.
- Allow `files` inside `asab` section. Supports git library provider with SSH auth.
- Elasticsearch - add extra roles to ES nodes
- Read models recursively from a folder `/Site/Models`
- Tell Elman in the configuration how many cold replicas can be in the Archive


### ASAB Governator

#### Releases
- v25.47
- v25.47-beta

#### Refactoring
- Bootstrap hardening, retry on connection loss
- Support for Docker API 1.53+


### ASAB Iris

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Features
- Jinja template support for error notifications. (#112 v25.42-alpha2) 
- Tenant configuration support for email. To, Cc , Bcc and subject are supported. (#108 v25.42-alpha2) 

#### Enhancements
- Update ASABIRISERROR for disabled items. (#112 v25.42-alpha)

#### Fixes
- Fix error while sending Slack notification via kafkahandler. (#118 v25.47-alpha)
- Fix Attribute error due to missing error code. (#118 v25.47-alpha)


### ASAB Library

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Enhancement
- API response has error code during API validation error. (#147, v25.40-alpha)
- Allow to rename and copy disabled file on special request (#150, v25.42-alpha)
- Allow to delete file disabled file on special request. (#151, v25.44-alpha)

#### Feature
- Bulk disable. (#145, v25.40-alpha2)
- Favourite items. (#145, v25.40-alpha2)

#### Fixes
- Change error to warning for missing accesses file. (#149, v25.41-alpha)
- Allow to re-enable disabled file. (#152, v25.45-alpha)
- Fix no node error while deleting directory. (#156, v25.46-alpha)


### ASAB Pyppeteer

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Features
- Explicit logging from Playwright/chromium console added
- Add a GET handler (/image) to improve integration with lmio-chart and render charts into PNG (#30)

#### Refactoring
- New section `[seacat:auth]` is added to config defaults
- Using the default playwright chromium
- Adds ASAB prefix to application name (#32)


### BS Query

#### Releases
- v25.46
- v25.46-beta
- v25.46-alpha

#### Bugfix
- Unsupported datasource doesn't block export screen, compatibility with lmio-charts (#156)
- Disabled datasource doesn't block export screen, compatibility with lmio-charts (#157)


### LMIO Correlator

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Features
- Fixed shard cleanup strategy
- Severity lookup table loading from the library
- Reversing the order of related.events to make it progress from the earliest to the latest
- Optimizations
- Add a check for empty IP address in sigma rules instead of "-"


### LMIO Baseliner

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Features
- Add support for vector baselines
- Add GET `/{tenant}/{baseline_id}/dimension/{dimension}/counters` endpoint for raw counter debugging
- Add max_history_days to baseline declaration to specify oldest data to be kept in the baseline (default: 60)


### LMIO Receiver

#### Releases
- v25.47.01
- v25.47

#### Features
- Added methods for reading and updating stream definitions.
- Fixed incorrect Kafka topic in LegacyOutput.
- Made the minimum space health check configurable.
- Added support for replay from the cold phase.
- Increased the task limit in the receiver's lifecycle.


### LMIO Collector

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Features
- Added source for Cisco Meraki.
- Support for multiple ODBC inputs and queries specified from WebUI.
- Increase the default buffer size limit to 500MB.
- Refactoring of WEC/WEF input.
- Support for preferred IP address in CommLink protocol.


### LMIO Parsec + LMIO Parser Builder

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Bug fixes
- Fixed cache in stashing processor.
- Fixed casting for MAC types.

#### Features
- Optimized Windows Events processing.
- Parser Builder - parsing rules can be created on a global target.
- Use OTHERS schema in OTHERS pipeline.
- Report multiple problems in mapping and enricher declarations at once.
- Support for MAC address extraction using regex.
- MAC addresses are copied into `related.mac`.
- Field `tenant` is added from the event lane configuration.


### LMIO Integ

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Features
- Update of asab version


### LMIO Ededup

#### Releases
- v26.03

#### Fix
- Solved memory leak in PubSub implementation


### LMIO Elman

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Features
- Create a version file for EL detail.
- Deduce ILM of ES index from index name, assign the ILM to index when missing.
- Support for omitting ES lifecycle phases in event lane / profile.
- Automatic resolve of Archive replicas based on cluster size.
- Support for cluster under maintenance mode.
- Support to specify archive / output section in event lane for deduplication.
- Created base API for removing event lanes.


### LMIO Chart

#### Releases
- v25.42
- v25.42-beta5
- v25.42-beta4
- v25.42-beta3
- v25.42-beta2
- v25.42-beta1
- v25.42-alpha10
- v25.42-alpha9
- v25.42-alpha8
- v25.42-alpha7
- v25.42-alpha6
- v25.42-alpha5
- v25.42-alpha4
- v25.42-alpha3
- v25.42-alpha2
- v25.42-alpha1

#### Fix
- Allow specification of the schema in the Data source. Implement dynamic scanning for all the schemas in Library under the Schemas folder (!9, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.42-beta3)

#### Features
- Implement `filter2` handling within query. Used e.g. in Dashboards when we filter for some specific content within LarkFilter, but the widget itself already has a `filter` declared within its definition. (!8, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.42-beta2)


### LMIO Common Library

#### Releases
- v25.47

#### Breaking Changes
- ECS schema was updated. Rollover must be performed for the following datasets:

```
Microsoft Windows Events
Bitdefender GravityZone
F5
FileZilla
Oracle Cloud
Zabbix
CheckPoint
```

- lmio:dataset:readall added to resources + added to roles
- ECS schema must contain define/mac_address option, specifying the related.mac field.
- lmio admin roles unified to one */admin role! Changes related to that implemented in seacat-auth: v25.38-alpha11, will be included in LogMan.io v25.47
- */lmio-admin and */lmio-plus-admin global roles deleted - these were unified under */admin role.

#### Alerts
- /Alerts/Severity/severity.yaml - added default settings for Alert Management severity scale

#### Datasources
- DataSources/complex.yaml / others / events.yaml -  lmio-charts: added a common data sources "events", "others" and "complex"

#### Detections
- event.dataset removed from trigger section in Parsec detections:
```
/Detections/Parsec/Authentication and Configuration.yaml
/Detections/Parsec/User and Group Modification.yaml
```

#### Templates
- /Templates/Email/Ticket Created.md - default template for instant notifications
- /Templates/Slack/Ticket Created.md - default template for instant notifications

#### Schemas
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - Added format for _id to distinguish the schema for renderer (!1381)
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - Added a principal_id (!1381)
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - deleted f5.session.id, ftp.session.id, oracle.session.id - these were unified under lmio.session.id
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - lmio.application.name and lmio.database.name added to schema
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - Bitdefender GZ fields based on ECS integration added to schema
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - type changed from str to bool for custom we fields
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - root vlan.id field removed + added new lmio custom vlan and network fields
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - Added related.mac field and added option define/mac_address which is mandatory.
- /Schemas/ECS.yaml - Added following fields: lmio.interface.name , lmio.interface.id , lmio.interface.alias

#### Parsers
- /Parsers/Fortinet/FortiGate/ - added lmio.session.id and tunnel specific fields, deleted fortinet.firewall.interface
- /Parsers/F5/ - added lmio.session.id, extended mapping for ASM module
- /Parsers/FileZilla - added lmio.session.id
- /Parsers/Oracle/Spark/ - - added lmio.session.id
- Parsers/VMware/vCenter/- access logs parsing + mapping update
- Parsers/PostgreSQL/ - new parses added
- Parsers/Bitdefender/GravityZone/ - parsers were split into two - GravityZone API and GravitZone Syslog
- Parsers/Cisco/Nexus/ - vlan.id remmaped to source.vlan.id
- Parsers/Sophos/Device Standard Format - vlan.id remmaped to source.vlan.id
- Parsers/Zabbix - zabbix.interfaceid remapped to lmio.interface.id
- changes to categorization of event.action of databases etc.

#### Dashboards
- Dashboards/Fortinet/FortiGate/Admin Logins and Logouts.json - new admin access dashboard
- Dashboards/Homepage/ - new Homepage content with supporting lmio-chart
- Dashboard/Widgets/ - new widgets content for Homepage

#### Site
- Site/LogMan.io/Files/lmio-installer/r.json - lmio:dataset:readall added to resources + added to roles
- Site/LogMan.io/Files/lmio-installer/r.json - deleted */lmio-admin and */lmio-plus-admin global roles - these were unified under */admin role. Added new */system-engineer role
- Site/LogMan.io/Files/lmio-installer/asab-library/setup.json added resources for Library
- Site/LogMan.io/Files/lmio-installer/r.json - added lmio:baseline:access and lmio:baseline:edit resources
- Site/LogMan.io/Files/lmio-installer/rs.json - lmio:baseline:access and lmio:baseline:edit resources rs added to default roles

#### Correlators
- 150+ new correlation rules with experimental status.


### LMIO Alerts

#### Releases
- v25.46 (Events Screen: better index + limiting response & Timeline Screen: better index)
- v25.46-beta6 (ES provider removed, Events Tab does not query nested events & timestamp data)
- v25.46-beta5 (query params for associated events endpoint: size & mark)
- v25.46-beta4 (several simple indexes support for faster events search)
- v25.46-beta3 (critical / informational severity handling)
- v25.46-beta2 (Added indexes for attributes and events tabs)
- v25.46-beta
- v25.46-alpha2

#### Enhancemets
- Type [mac] added to resolver (attribute related.mac added to ECS Schema) (#151)
- Automatic scheduling for Tickets: neutral signal direction added, no changes to ticket's state (#156)
- Better handling of failures during events migration (#159)


#### Features
- A new timeline item type TicketSettingsChange to mute / unmute notifications on the ticket's level from UI (#155)


### SeaCat Auth

#### Releases
- v25.38

#### Fixes
- Fix invitation cleanup with local authz (#538, v25.38-beta1)
- Handle communication timeout and network errors (#534, v25.38-alpha13)
- Clean up orphaned objects when unregistered credentials expire (#531, v25.38-alpha12)
- Support local SAML federation metadata file and handle client initialization errors (#527, v25.38-alpha10)
- Specific email error responses (#518, v25.38-alpha9)
- Improve ElasticSearch connection reliability with round-robin node selection and automatic failover (#524, v25.38-alpha8)
- Make sure external login callback is on the sub-path of Auth UI (#522, v25.38-alpha7)
- Opaque external credential IDs (#521, v25.38-alpha6)
- Fix pysaml2 dependency (#518, v25.38-alpha4)

#### Features
- Assign tenant base role at login if the user has no tenant resources (#532, v25.38-alpha14)
- Remove non-existent role assignments at login/authorization (#530, v25.38-alpha11)
- Filtering credentials by active/suspended status (#517, v25.38-alpha3)
- External login with SAML (#516, v25.38-alpha2)

#### Refactoring
- Refactor OTP handlers, handle 404 errors (#529, v25.38-alpha11)
- Rename credentials "status" param to "astatus" (#520, v25.38-alpha5)
- Decouple external authentication from external credentials management (#515, v25.38-alpha1)


### WebUI

#### LMIO WebUI

##### Patch
- Backport fix on `...` value rendering issue in Discover Top values table, add larger buffer to actions popover to increase a UX while selecting the action from Discover table(s) (!870, INDIGO Sprint 260213, v25.38)
- Backport fix on Discover issue initialization from sidebar causing Discover idle state with blank screen (!867, INDIGO Sprint 260213, v25.38)
- Backport navigation from Discover to Alert ticket (!865, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38)
- Backport warming up the ticket prior redirecting to Discover screen (!863, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38-beta11)
- Backport ticket filtering in Discover (!860, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38-beta10)
- Fix on Discover data duplicates in Discover table (!854, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38-beta9)
- Implement URL renderer (!844, INDIGO Sprint 260116, v25.38-beta8)
- Fix the data loading behavior when returning to the previous ticket for Event, Associated tickets and Attributes tab (!840, INDIGO Sprint 260116, v25.38-beta7)
- Fix on Dashboard/Report grid (dashboardOptions) where widgetID was not provided when adding a new widget to the grid in Edit mode, causing issue of removing all newly added widgets while user intended to remove just one (!811, INDIGO Sprint 251219, v25.38-beta6)
- Fix on Dashboard grid when adding a new chart widget and immediatelly removing it, it caused rest of the widgets to turn to static state in the Edit mode and lost ability to be moved within the grid (!809, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta5)
- Refactor preserving params within Observability screens (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Implement option to use LarkFilter prompt in Dashboards. By default, this option is disabled for new dashboards. Can be enabled in Edit mode. (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Implement `No matching hint was found` message in LarkFilter popover (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Fix incorrect position of LarkFilter popover hint (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Fix on hinting icon in Legacy widgets (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Add regex escaping to prevent app crash to LarkFilterPrompt, remove dead PromptFilter code (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Update sorting in LarkFilterPrompt, allow displaying `_id` among fields (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Fix on size in group_by Top values of table (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Replace FieldTypeRenderer with reusable FieldTypeIcon from lmio-webui-components (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Add `[mac]` case in field types (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Remove redundant condition on fetch tickets useEffect (!793, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta2)
- Fix lark filter quotes (!793, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta2)
- Reimplement back the clipboard in JSON view of Discover (!793, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta2)

##### Breaking changes
- LMIO Observability `v25.38-beta4` reqires `lmio-chart` service `v25.42-beta2` and higher
- LMIO Observability WebUI `v25.38-alpha52` requires `asab-library` service `v25.47-alpha` and higher
- LMIO Observability WebUI `v25.38-alpha46` requires `lmio-chart` service `v25.42-alpha8` and higher
- SeaCat Admin WebUI `v25.38-alpha44` requires SeaCat Auth `v25.38-alpha9` and higher - Localized password reset error messages.
- LogMan.io Lookup Webui `v25.38-alpha33`: updated naming of `/!create` routes
- LogMan.io Webui `v25.38-alpha30` requires Seacat Auth `v25.38-alpha5` and higher
- Seacat Account Webui `v25.38-alpha17` requires Seacat Auth `v25.38-alpha6` or later. External login API changed.
- ASAB Maestro Webui `v25.38-alpha41` requires ASAB Remote Control `v25.44-alpha` or later. (SiteControlPanel)

##### Features
- Implement lmio-chart (!357, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha46)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Bugfix
- Fix the link `threat.technique.id`. Replays dot to slash in the link (!733, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha25)

##### Releases
- v25.38
- v25.38-beta12
- v25.38-beta11
- v25.38-beta10
- v25.38-beta9
- v25.38-beta8
- v25.38-beta7
- v25.38-beta6
- v25.38-beta5
- v25.38-beta4
- v25.38-beta3
- v25.38-beta2
- v25.38-alpha56
- v25.38-alpha55
- v25.38-alpha54
- v25.38-alpha53
- v25.38-alpha52
- v25.38-alpha51
- v25.38-alpha50
- v25.38-alpha49
- v25.38-alpha48
- v25.38-alpha47
- v25.38-alpha46
- v25.38-alpha45
- v25.38-alpha44
- v25.38-alpha43
- v25.38-alpha42
- v25.38-alpha41
- v25.38-alpha40
- v25.38-alpha39
- v25.38-alpha38
- v25.38-alpha37
- v25.38-alpha36
- v25.38-alpha35
- v25.38-alpha34
- v25.38-alpha33
- v25.38-alpha32
- v25.38-alpha31
- v25.38-alpha30
- v25.38-alpha29
- v25.38-alpha28
- v25.38-alpha27
- v25.38-alpha26
- v25.38-alpha25
- v25.38-alpha24
- v25.38-alpha23
- v25.38-alpha22
- v25.38-alpha21
- v25.38-alpha20
- v25.38-alpha19
- v25.38-alpha18
- v25.38-alpha17
- v25.38-alpha16
- v25.38-alpha15
- v25.38-alpha14
- v25.38-alpha13
- v25.38-alpha12
- v25.38-alpha11
- v25.38-alpha10
- v25.38-alpha9
- v25.38-alpha8
- v25.38-alpha7
- v25.38-alpha6
- v25.38-alpha5
- v25.38-alpha4
- v25.38-alpha3
- v25.38-alpha2
- v25.38-alpha1

##### ASAB WebUI Shell
- 27.2.9

##### ASAB WebUI Components
- 27.3.3

#### ASAB Configuration WebUI

##### Features
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Refactor
- Update multiselect to a new design (!714, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha40)
- `Package.json` has been updated due to the addition of new libraries in lmio_components_lib (!707, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha20)

#### ASAB Library WebUI

##### Bugfix
- Fix on potential race condition on saving the library tab content. Refactor the editor service singleton used for saving the tab content using the active node (path) of the tab (!730, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha19)

##### Features
- Hide networking indicator for Treemenu (!783, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha54)
- Disable navigation to Explore when there is a Markdown widget (!783, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha54)
- Implement lmio-chart (!357, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha46)
- Enhance confirmation dialogs on remove/restore to include item/folder name (!765, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha42)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)
- Implement markdown preview for .md file types in Library editor (!703, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha2)
- Implement option to pin a tab in Library editor (!698, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha2)

##### Refactor
- Change position in the Sidebar (!689, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha28)
- `Package.json` has been updated due to the addition of new libraries in lmio_components_lib (!707, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha20)

#### ASAB Maestro WebUI

##### Features
- SiteControlPanel supplements the ServicesScreen with "Apply" and "Maintenance" functionality (!738, INDIGO Sprint 251027, v25.38-alpha41)
- Define width for some columns in `ServicesScreen` to improve visual appearance (!734, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha22)
- Implement eslint/stylelint and apply linting on codebase (!655, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha14)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Breaking changes
- ASAB Maestro Webui `v25.38-alpha41` requires ASAB Remote Control `v25.44-alpha` or later. (SiteControlPanel)

##### Refactor
- `Package.json` has been updated due to the addition of new libraries in lmio_components_lib (!707, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha20)

#### ASAB Tools WebUI

##### Features
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Refactor
- Change position in the Sidebar (!689, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha28)

##### Releases
- v25.38-alpha28
- v25.38-alpha8

#### BS Query WebUI

##### Bugfix
- Fix missing and incorrect language localization (!721, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha11)

##### Features
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Refactor
- Do not display Widgets folder in Create new report selection. Add a custom format into Treemenu logic (!776, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha55)
- Update headers and emails multiselects to a new design. Remove old code (!714, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha40)
- `Package.json` has been updated due to the addition of new libraries in lmio_components_lib (!707, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha20)

#### LMIO Alert Management

##### Patch
- Backport warming up the ticket prior redirecting to Discover screen (!863, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38-beta11)
- Fix the data loading behavior when returning to the previous ticket for Event, Associated tickets and Attributes tab (!840, INDIGO Sprint 260116, v25.38-beta7)

##### Bugfix
- Fix sending unchange risk_score in the bulk update (!767, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha45)
- Fix missing and incorrect language localization (!721, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha11)
- Fix incorrect navigation from Alert badge to the Ticket create screen (!719, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha10)

##### Features
- Implement lmio-chart (!357, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha46)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)
- Add new `DataTableAdvCustomFilter` with `customPill` feature for responder filter in the `AlertsListScreen` (!642, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha4)

##### Refactor
- Remove italic style for tabs in the AlertsDetail (!764, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha43)
- Visual update of responder selection. Add new params `astatus` for responders request, showing active responders. Unify icon in the sidepanel (!743, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha30)
- `Package.json` has been updated due to the addition of new libraries in lmio_components_lib (!707, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha20)

#### LMIO Analysis WebUI

##### Features
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Releases
- v25.38-alpha8

#### LMIO Detection WebUI

##### Features
- Implement lmio-chart (!357, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha46)
- Implement eslint/stylelint and apply linting on codebase (!758, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha39)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Refactor
- `Package.json` has been updated due to the addition of new libraries in lmio_components_lib (!707, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha20)

#### LMIO Logsources WebUI

##### Fix
- Add more defensiveness to ODBC tab to prevent application from crashes (!789, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha56)

##### Features
- Create Misc tab for SNMP TRAPs and Beats/Lumberjack (!629, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha29)
- Improve on the ODBC log collector configuration (!699, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha29)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Refactor
- Update stream multiselect to a new design (!714, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha40)
- Update the collected sentence in the ReplayDetailScreen and updated to Trans component (!726, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha35)

#### LMIO Lookup WebUI

##### Breaking changes
- Update naming of `create` routes (to `/!create`) so it follows same principles as the rest of the app (!750, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha33)

##### Features
- Extend `Headers` input functionality in `FeedCreateScreen` to handle multiple header inputs, hide values of sensitive headers (!751, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha38)
- Improve `LookupListScreen` layout responsiveness for smaller screens(!732, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha31)
- Add "Headers" input group to `FeedCreateScreen`, rename "JSON" template options to "JSON/YAML" (!741, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha27)
- Move "Create feed" button from Lookup list screen to the header of Lookup edit screen. Add navigational "Back" button to the headers of cards where usable (!728, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha21)
- `LookupListScreen`: change "create feed" button appearance to make it more prominent (!724, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha18)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Refactor
- Change position in the Sidebar (!689, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha28)

##### Bugfix
- Fix on `FeedCreateScreen`: select for templateValue now working correctly. On `LookupItemsScreen`: columns reload on language change.(!717, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha9)

#### LMIO Observability WebUI

##### Patch
- Backport fix on `...` value rendering issue in Discover Top values table, add larger buffer to actions popover to increase a UX while selecting the action from Discover table(s) (!870, INDIGO Sprint 260213, v25.38)
- Backport fix on Discover issue initialization from sidebar causing Discover idle state with blank screen (!867, INDIGO Sprint 260213, v25.38)
- Backport navigation from Discover to Alert ticket (!865, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38)
- Backport ticket filtering in Discover (!860, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38-beta10)
- Fix on Discover data duplicates in Discover table (!854, INDIGO Sprint 260130, v25.38-beta9)
- Fix on Dashboard/Report grid (dashboardOptions) where widgetID was not provided when adding a new widget to the grid in Edit mode, causing issue of removing all newly added widgets while user intended to remove just one (!811, INDIGO Sprint 251219, v25.38-beta6)
- Fix on Dashboard grid when adding a new chart widget and immediatelly removing it, it caused rest of the widgets to turn to static state in the Edit mode and lost ability to be moved within the grid (!809, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta5)
- Refactor preserving params within Observability screens (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Implement option to use LarkFilter prompt in Dashboards. By default, this option is disabled for new dashboards. Can be enabled in Edit mode. (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Implement `No matching hint was found` message in LarkFilter popover (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Fix incorrect position of LarkFilter popover hint (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Fix on hinting icon in Legacy widgets (!806, INDIGO Sprint 251205, v25.38-beta4)
- Add regex escaping to prevent app crash to LarkFilterPrompt, remove dead PromptFilter code (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Update sorting in LarkFilterPrompt, allow displaying `_id` among fields (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Fix on size in group_by Top values of table (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Replace FieldTypeRenderer with reusable FieldTypeIcon from lmio-webui-components (!795, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta3)
- Remove redundant condition on fetch tickets useEffect (!793, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta2)
- Fix lark filter quotes (!793, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta2)
- Reimplement back the clipboard in JSON view of Discover (!793, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-beta2)

##### Breaking changes
- LMIO Observability `v25.38-beta4` reqires `lmio-chart` service `v25.42-beta2` and higher
- LMIO Observability WebUI `v25.38-alpha52` requires `asab-library` service `v25.47-alpha` and higher
- LMIO Observability WebUI `v25.38-alpha46` requires `lmio-chart` service `v25.42-alpha8` and higher

##### Refactor
- Add confirmation message to Markdown widget when leaving the page in edit mode. Fix issue with redirection to explore (triggering confirm message when it should not) in Echart widget. (!789, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha56)
- Change navgation icon from widget to Explore (!783, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha54)
- Add explicit Cancel button to quit edit mode (!783, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha54)
- Align padding in the Edit mode panel (!783, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha54)
- Reload dashboard/report after edit mode is canceled (!783, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha54)

##### Fix
- Fix issues with rendering Reports via BS-Export/Playwright (pyppeteer) with temporal solution. Fixed useLegacyData hook logic. Fix on Alert list widget. (!776, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha55)
- Add `disableNodeMemorySession` for favorites TreeMenu in the ReportsListScreen and DashboardsListScreen (!782, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha52)
- Update Gauge widget with untis and better decimal handling (!777, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha52)
- Fix Gauge widget to display values in human readable form (!774, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha50)

##### Features
- Reimplement Markdown widget (!783, INDIGO Sprint 251121, v25.38-alpha54)
- Implemented adding files to Favorites for Dashboards and Reports list (!756, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha52)
- Implement advanced Treemenu search for Discover fields (!773, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha51)
- Remove filters from Dashboard dropdown, fix issue with switching Datasource in Discover (!772, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha49)
- Disabling developer's hint in the Lark filter (!770, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha48)
- Limit displayed datasource types in Discover screen (!771, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha47)
- Implement lmio-chart (!357, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha46)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

#### LMIO Parser Builder WebUI

##### Features
- Add info in the ParserScreen about Parser/Unparsed events. Update the collected sentence and update to Trans component. Add shortcut for open/close SidePanel (Alt + P) (!726, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha35)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)
- Add schema fields with `FieldTypeRenderer` in the SidePanel on ParserDetail (!693, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha6)

##### Refactor
- Visual display of disabled declarations in the tabs. Disabled declaration is gray. Disable `Rename` and `Remove` btns for disabled declaration (!737, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha36)
- `Package.json` has been updated due to the addition of new libraries in lmio_components_lib (!707, INDIGO Sprint 251010, v25.38-alpha20)

#### SeaCat Account WebUI

##### Breaking changes
- Seacat Account Webui `v25.38-alpha17` requires Seacat Auth `v25.38-alpha6` or later. External login API changed.

##### Bugfix
- Fix external login labels (!748, PLUM Sprint 251003, v25.38-alpha32)
- Fix external login styling and CW (!736, PLUM Sprint 251003, v25.38-alpha23)
- Update API for external login deletion (!725, PLUM Sprint 251003, v25.38-alpha17)

##### Features
- External login account management and result display (!723, PLUM Sprint 250905, v25.38-alpha15)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

#### SeaCat Admin WebUI

##### Breaking changes
- SeaCat Admin WebUI `v25.38-alpha44` requires SeaCat Auth `v25.38-alpha9` and higher - Localized password reset error messages.
- SeaCat Admin WebUI `v25.38-alpha13` requires asab_components_webui_lib `27.2.1`. Updated ResultCard used.

##### Features
- Add result card for password reset; show copyable URL (!753, PLUM Sprint 251031, v25.38-alpha44)
- Add screen with password reset link after credentials creation (!669, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha13)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Bugfix
- Fix vertical position of checkboxes in Assigned resources card (!357, INDIGO Sprint 251107, v25.38-alpha46)
- Fixed aggressive truncation of `description` strings in `ResourceListScreen` - updated layout, improved screen size responsivity (!749, INDIGO Sprint 251024, v25.38-alpha37)
- Fixed issue in BulkAssignmentScreen where clicking on confirmation dialog would trigger navigation to credentials detail page even if "cancel" button was clicked (!711, INDIGO Sprint 250926, v25.38-alpha12)

#### SeaCat Auth WebUI

##### Features
- External login result display (!723, PLUM Sprint 250905, v25.38-alpha15)
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Breaking changes
- SeaCat Auth WebUI `v25.38-alpha13` requires asab_components_webui_lib `27.2.1`. Updated ResultCard used.

#### SeaCat PKI WebUI

##### Breaking changes
- SeaCat Admin WebUI `v25.38-alpha13` requires asab_components_webui_lib `27.2.1`. Updated ResultCard used.

##### Features
- Upgrade to react-router v7, upgrade also other deprecated packages and dependencies (!692, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha8)

##### Bugfix
- Fix on missing import of `usePubSub` in FIDO2 Credentials screen in SeaCat PKI WebUI (!713, INDIGO Sprint 250912, v25.38-alpha7)
